There is nothing infinite in this world
except the support of our family which helps
us every time.  But what if there is one
plan that supports our family and
that too is infinite and unlimited
?  ICIC LBD has come up with a health
insurance plan that has
changed all the rules of health insurance.  And the
name of this plan is Elevate.  This plan is
giving us four types of infinite facilities.  First of all, it is
offering Infinite Sum
Insured, which means your sum insured is unlimited.
After that, you are being given infinite
bonus, which means your bonus is also unlimited.
After that, you are being given infinite claim, that
is, your claim is also unlimited.  And
lastly, at number four, we are giving you
infinite reset, that is, recharge is also
unlimited in your policy.  Infinite coverage
is the main USP of this plan.  But
apart from this, there
are many facilities and features in this plan.  So to understand them,
we have divided the discussion into four parts.  First of all
I will
tell you the basic features.  There are many that are
automatically built into the plan.
After that I will tell you about the important add-ons
which according to us you should add to your policy.
And on the third number, I will
tell you about useful riders, you
can also consider them as per your requirement
whether you want to get them added or not.
And lastly, on the fourth number, I will
tell you about the eligibility and discounts,
how you can take this policy
and how you can
avail the discount on your premium.  So let's
start with the basic coverage as it is a
very comprehensive plan so many
facilities and features are already inbuilt in the policy.  There is
no need to take it separately.  There are
more than 10 features which
I will tell you one by one which
are inbuilt in the policy.  First of all we will get
inpatient waist.  That means if we are
admitted to the hospital then obviously the policy will work.
We will bear all the expenses there.
Number two we will get day care surgery,
day care procedures covered.  If there is any
surgery or procedure which gets completed in two or four
hours, then
we do not even have to get admitted for the entire time.  That will
also be covered in the policy.  All types of
surgeries will be covered.  At number three we will
get pre and post coverage.  Pre-
hospitalization coverage will be available here for
90 days and post-hospitalization coverage will be
available here for 180 days.  After this we will
get bonus.  This is a guaranteed bonus.
Even after taking a claim, it does not get reversed.  There
is a bonus of 20% per year which will go up to a maximum of 100%.
At number five we will get
unlimited reset.  If we take a policy of Rs 20 lakh
and we spend Rs 20 lakh
on some major illness, then we will
get another Rs 20 lakh within the same year and that too free
of cost.  And this reset is also unlimited, which
means it will be repeated again and again without any cost.  At
number six we will get
coverage of modern treatments.  If there is any treatment
which is being done through modern technology then the
company will cover that also.  That
too up to the sum insured, no supplement will be
applied.  We will
get AYUSH coverage on number seven.  Or any Ayurvedic or
Homeopathic treatment you are undergoing will
also be covered in the policy.  Number 8 pay
we will get organ donor cover.  If there is a
critical illness and an organ needs to be donated or
transplanted, then that
coverage will also be available within the policy.
At number nine we will get domiciliary cover.  For example, during the
Covid pandemic,
you had to get treatment from home for a long time, so the
policy also offers you domiciliary cover i.e. coverage from home.  And at number 10
you will get emergency road ambulance cover.
If you have to use a road ambulance
in an emergency situation, the
policy will cover you for that too.  Whatever
coverage is there in the policy, be it road
ambulance, domicile cover or day care
surgery, all the coverage is up to your sum insured.  There is
no concept of supplement in the policy.  So as we saw there are a
lot of features within the basic cover which
are inbuilt in the policy.  But here
I will also tell you about some important add-on riders
which you can add additionally to your policy,
which according to us are very
important.  Comes in handy when needed.  There are four
total writers that I will tell you about here.  The
first Infinite Sum
Insured.  This means you can take your policy
for infinite coverage.  Get out of the concept of 10 lakh, 20
lakh, 50 lakh
and you can take your own policy.
Infinite means there is no limit.
Any claim of Rs 1 crore, Rs 10 crore or
more will be covered under your policy.   The
second important writer is Infinite
Care.  What does it mean?  That once in a lifetime, the
company will approve and give you a claim of unlimited amount once in the lifetime of the policy.
Whenever we are
stuck in such a difficult situation that our
claim has become very big, then we
can use this rider and the
company will pass our claim for an unlimited amount.  The
third important Atom Rider
is the Infinite Bonus.  This means that there will be no
limit on the bonus of your policy.  Every year
100% per year bonus will be added to your policy.
Firstly, this is guaranteed.  It will never be
reversed and secondly it has
no connection with the claim.  Even if we make a claim,
we will still get bonus every year in our policy.  And the fourth important
advance is Claim Protector.  There are many
expenses incurred in the hospital like face
masks, gloves, cotton, syringes etc. which are
not covered in the policy.  So you should
definitely add this rider to the policy so that
whenever we use the policy, we do
not have to face deduction in the hospital claim.
We should have 100% claim.  Received all payment
from the company.  So after the basic cover and
important add-on riders, we come to the
third part of the discussion where
we will talk about other useful riders
which you can add to your policy if they are useful for you.  There are a
total of six
riders that I will talk about here.   The
first rider in this is the
rider of Infinite Assurance.  This
is useful for people who already have a pre-
existing condition.  BP, diabetes,
cholesterol, eczema or even stunting.
If they have heart stenting then they
can take this rider.  Due to this rider,
they will get cover for all these diseases
in the policy from the beginning.
They will not have to go through any waiting period.  So if
someone in your family has such a
pre-existing condition, then this rider
is useful for them.  The second rider I
will tell you about is called the Room Modifier
Rider.  Here the company gives you two options:
upgrading the room and
downgrading the room.  So, by default
the policy is covering your private room,
so there is no challenge in that.  But
if you want to upgrade your room category
to Suite level, then
you will have to take the Room Upgrade Modifier
Rider.  And if you want to
take a sharing room instead of a single private AC room, then you
can take the room downgrade modifier rider.
Your premium will decrease in the case of a downgraded rider
and
increase in the case of an upgraded rider.  After this, the
third rider I will tell you about is the Annual Health
Checkup Rider.  If you want the policy to provide
you with the facility of an annual health checkup,
then you can add this rider to your policy.  The
company allows you a limit of ₹5000 for every policy of Rs 10 lakh to get a
health checkup done once a year.  At
number four, you will
get the rider of unlimited tele consultation.
If you want the policy to provide you with
a facility where you
can avail unlimited doctor consultations, then
you can add this rider to your policy through
which you will get unlimited e-consultations.
At number five is the company's
OPD rider named BeFit Rider.  This
rider also gives you e-consultation,
physical consultation, covers the
cost of tests and
also covers the cost of medicine and pharmacy.
If you want, you can also add an OPD rider
to your policy.  And the last
rider I will tell you about is the
Vantary Copayment Rider.  The Voluntary Copayment
Rider gives you the facility to
pay 10%, 20% or 30% of your claim from your pocket and the remaining part will be
paid by the company.  So if you
apply this Vantari payment obviously
in your policy then it
reduces your premium significantly.  So these are the six
riders that you can decide whether to
add them to your policy if they are useful to you or skip them.
So let us discuss the basic features.   There are a
lot of features that
are inbuilt in the policy.  Then we discussed the
important add-ons which we
recommend you should add to your policy.
And then we talked about useful riders.
So depending upon if it is useful for you then
you can add it.  Otherwise you
can skip it.  Lastly, I will talk to you about
plan eligibility i.e. who can take this plan
and plan discounts.
In which types of plans are discounts available
that you can use.  So first of all
I will talk about eligibility.  Who
can take this plan?  This plan can be taken till the age of 125 years.  That
means there
is no age limit.  The plan can be applied for by a person of any age.
Number two
dependent children.  The policy
allows dependent children up to the age of 30 years to be
included in your policy.
Generally, most policies separate the child after 25 years.
But in this policy,
children up to 30 years of age are allowed as age
dependent children.  Number three, which
is the premium of the company, is divided into four zones.
Zone A, Zone B, Zone C and
Zone D.  Zone A is expensive.  There are big cities here.
Like entire Delhi NCR is in Zone A.
Zone B is cheaper than that.  Its premium will be
slightly less.  The premium for Zone C will be
even lower.  But Zone D will have the
highest premium as it
includes negative territory.  For which the premium
company charges the highest.  Now
in the end I will tell you the most
interesting topic and that is discounts.
So the policy offers many types of discounts.  There are a
total of four types of discounts that the
policy offers.  The best and
first discount in this is civil discount.
This is the best discount which no other
company or policy in the market offers.
If you are maintaining a good CIBIL score,
you
can get a discount of up to 15% on the premium due to this discount.
That too from the first year till the coming
years.  The second discount company
offers you is the wellness discount.  If the company has
a wellness program.  If you
follow it, you can get up to 30%
discount on premium on renewal.   The
third discount the company offers you is the
early renewal discount.  If you make the renewal payment of
your policy 30 days before your renewal date,
you get a renewal premium payment and discount of 2.5%.
And on the fourth number, the company
gives you a discount, multi-year discount.
So the policy is obviously for one year
but if you pay the premium for 2 years or 3 years together
then the company offers you
10% discount on the premium for 2 years and
15% discount on the premium for 3 years.
So this way there are a total of four discounts
that you can avail and
reduce your premium.  So, so many
great and latest features, infinite and
unlimited coverage and amazing discounts
make ICICI LBT Elevate plan one of the
top selling plans in the market which you
can choose for yourself and your family.  If
you have
any query or doubt regarding any features or facilities of this plan or you
want to check the premium of your family, then you
can comment.  Stay connected
with Mr. Policy.  Like, share and subscribe for such useful and informative
videos.
Thank you for watching.